"87aa7bab"#"medium"#"central ideas and details"#"A common assumption among art historians is that the invention of photography in the mid-nineteenth century displaced the painted portrait in the public consciousness. The diminishing popularity of the portrait miniature, which coincided with the rise of photography, seems to support this claim. However, photography’s impact on the portrait miniature may be overstated. Although records from art exhibitions in the Netherlands from 1820 to 1892 show a decrease in the number of both full-sized and miniature portraits submitted, this trend was established before the invention of photography. Based on the text, what can be concluded about the diminishing popularity of the portrait miniature in the nineteenth century?"#"A. Factors other than the rise of photography may be more directly responsible for the portrait miniature’s decline."#"B. Although portrait miniatures became less common than photographs, they were widely regarded as having more artistic merit."#"C. The popularity of the portrait miniature likely persisted for longer than art historians have assumed."#"D. As demand for portrait miniatures decreased, portrait artists likely shifted their creative focus to photography."#"a"
"d748c3fd"#"medium"#"inferences"#"In her 2021 article “Throwaway History: Towards a Historiography of Ephemera,” scholar Anne Garner discusses John Johnson (1882–1956), a devoted collector of items intended to be discarded, including bus tickets and campaign pamphlets. Johnson recognized that scholarly institutions considered his expansive collection of ephemera to be worthless—indeed, it wasn’t until 1968, after Johnson’s death, that Oxford University’s Bodleian Library acquired the collection, having grasped the items’ potential value to historians and other researchers. Hence, the example of Johnson serves to ______ Which choice most logically completes the text?"#"A. demonstrate the difficulties faced by contemporary historians in conducting research at the Bodleian Library without access to ephemera."#"B. represent the challenge of incorporating examples of ephemera into the collections of libraries and other scholarly institutions."#"C. lend support to arguments by historians and other researchers who continue to assert that ephemera holds no value for scholars."#"D. illustrate both the relatively low scholarly regard in which ephemera was once held and the later recognition of ephemera’s possible utility."#"d"
"22e4d633"#"medium"#"command of evidence"#"Although many transposons, DNA sequences that move within an organism’s genome through shuffling or duplication, have become corrupted and inactive over time, those from the long interspersed nuclear elements (LINE) family appear to remain active in the genomes of some species. In humans, they are functionally important within the hippocampus, a brain structure that supports complex cognitive processes. When the results of molecular analysis of two species of octopus—an animal known for its intelligence—were announced in 2022, the confirmation of a LINE transposon in Octopus vulgaris and Octopus bimaculoides genomes prompted researchers to hypothesize that that transposon family is tied to a species’ capacity for advanced cognition. Which finding, if true, would most directly support the researchers’ hypothesis?"#"A. The LINE transposon in O. vulgaris and O. bimaculoides genomes is active in an octopus brain structure that functions similarly to the human hippocampus."#"B. The human genome contains multiple transposons from the LINE family that are all primarily active in the hippocampus."#"C. A consistent number of copies of LINE transposons is present across the genomes of most octopus species, with few known corruptions."#"D. O. vulgaris and O. bimaculoides have smaller brains than humans do relative to body size, but their genomes contain sequences from a wider variety of transposon families."#"a"
"359902ae"#"medium"#"words in context"#"The following text is adapted from Nathaniel Hawthorne’s 1837 story “Dr. Heidegger’s Experiment.” The main character, a physician, is experimenting with rehydrating a dried flower. At first [the rose] lay lightly on the surface of the fluid, appearing to imbibe none of its moisture. Soon, however, singular change began to be visible. The crushed and dried petals stirred and assumed a deepening tinge of crimson, as if the flower were reviving from a deathlike slumber. As used in the text, what does the phrase 'a singular' most nearly mean?"#"A. A lonely"#"B. A disagreeable"#"C. An acceptable"#"D. An extraordinary"#"d"
"2af2016f"#"medium"#"text structure and purpose"#"A study by Dr. Paul Hanel and colleagues concluded that people are more likely to behave politely when listening to ideas they disagree with if they think about values before they engage in a discussion. Study participants were assigned to one of two groups. The experimental group spent a few minutes writing about one of their personal values before they had a group discussion on a controversial topic. And the control group spent a few minutes writing about a drink (tea, milk, etc.) before their group discussion on that topic. Hanel and colleagues found that the experimental group’s discussion was more civil than the control group’s discussion was. Which choice best describes the main purpose of the text?"#"A. To describe a widely held belief and how a study’s results support that belief"#"B. To argue that researchers were surprised by the results of a certain study"#"C. To suggest ways to improve a certain study’s experimental design"#"D. To explain a study’s conclusion and how a research team arrived at that conclusion"#"d"
"7bf79a90"#"medium"#"cross-text connections"#"Text 1: Microbes are tiny organisms in the soil, water, and air all around us. They thrive even in very harsh conditions. That’s why Noah Fierer and colleagues were surprised when soil samples they collected from an extremely cold, dry area in Antarctica didn’t seem to contain any life. The finding doesn’t prove that there are no microbes in that area, but the team says it does suggest that the environment severely restricts microbes’ survival. Text 2: Microbes are found in virtually every environment on Earth. So it’s unlikely they would be completely absent from Fierer’s team’s study site, no matter how extreme the environment is. There were probably so few organisms in the samples that current technology couldn’t detect them. But since a spoonful of typical soil elsewhere might contain billions of microbes, the presence of so few in the Antarctic soil samples would show how challenging the conditions are. Based on the texts, Fierer’s team and the author of Text 2 would most likely agree with which statement about microbes?"#"A. Most microbes are better able to survive in environments with extremely dry conditions than in environments with harsh temperatures."#"B. A much higher number of microbes would probably be found if another sample of soil were taken from the Antarctic study site."#"C. Microbes are likely difficult to detect in the soil at the Antarctic study site because they tend to be smaller than microbes found in typical soil elsewhere."#"D. Most microbes are probably unable to withstand the soil conditions at the Antarctic study site."#"d"
"b46e0c8a"#"medium"#"rhetorical synthesis"#"While researching a topic, a student has taken the following notes: Organisms release cellular material into their environment by shedding substances such as hair or skin. The DNA in these substances is known as environmental DNA, or eDNA. Researchers collect and analyze eDNA to detect the presence of species that are difficult to observe. Geneticist Sara Oyler-McCance’s research team analyzed eDNA in water samples from the Florida Everglades to detect invasive constrictor snake species in the area. The study determined a 91% probability of detecting Burmese python eDNA in a given location. The student wants to present the study to an audience already familiar with environmental DNA. Which choice most effectively uses relevant information from the notes to accomplish this goal?"#"A. Sara Oyler-McCance’s researchers analyzed eDNA in water samples from the Florida Everglades for evidence of invasive constrictor snakes, which are difficult to observe."#"B. An analysis of eDNA can detect the presence of invasive species that are difficult to observe, such as constrictor snakes."#"C. Researchers found Burmese python eDNA, or environmental DNA, in water samples; eDNA is the DNA in released cellular materials, such as shed skin cells."#"D. Sara Oyler-McCance’s researchers analyzed environmental DNA (eDNA)—that is, DNA from cellular materials released by organisms—in water samples from the Florida Everglades."#"a"
"a40c7aa3"#"medium"#"transitions"#"Most of the planets that have been discovered outside our solar system orbit G-type stars, like our Sun. In 2014, ______ researchers identified a planet orbiting KELT-9, a B-type star more than twice as massive and nearly twice as hot as the Sun. Called KELT-9b, it is one of the hottest planets ever discovered. Which choice completes the text with the most logical transition?"#"A. likewise,"#"B. however,"#"C. therefore,"#"D. for example,"#"b"
"89fbc3eb"#"medium"#"boundaries"#"The Mission 66 initiative, which was approved by Congress in 1956, represented a major investment in the infrastructure of overburdened national ______ it prioritized physical improvements to the parks’ roads, utilities, employee housing, and visitor facilities while also establishing educational programming for the public. Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?"#"A. parks and"#"B. parks"#"C. parks;"#"D. parks,"#"c"
"6f08641e"#"medium"#"form, structure, and sense"#"On April 5, 1977, Kitty Cone and 150 other disability rights activists entered a San Francisco federal building. After pleading for years—to no effect—for the passage of key antidiscrimination legislation, ______ until their demands were addressed. Finally, on April 28, the legislation was signed. Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?"#"A. pressure on lawmakers increased when the activists staged a sit-in protest"#"B. a sit-in protest staged by the activists increased pressure on lawmakers"#"C. lawmakers came under increased pressure when the activists staged a sit-in protest"#"D. the activists increased pressure on lawmakers by staging a sit-in protest"#"d"
"ed314256"#"hard"#"central ideas and details"#"The most recent iteration of the immersive theater experience Sleep No More, which premiered in New York City in 2011, transforms its performance space—a five-story warehouse—into a 1930s-era hotel. Audience members, who wander through the labyrinthine venue at their own pace and follow the actors as they play out simultaneous, interweaving narrative loops, confront the impossibility of experiencing the production in its entirety. The play’s refusal of narrative coherence thus hinges on the sense of spatial fragmentation that the venue’s immense and intricate layout generates. What does the text most strongly suggest about Sleep No More’s use of its performance space?"#"A. The choice of a New York City venue likely enabled the play’s creators to experiment with the use of theatrical space in a way that venues from earlier productions could not."#"B. Audience members likely find the experience of the play disappointing because they generally cannot make their way through the entire venue."#"C. The production’s dependence on a particular performance environment would likely make it difficult to reproduce exactly in a different theatrical space."#"D. Audience members who navigate the space according to a recommended itinerary will likely have a better grasp of the play’s narrative than audience members who depart from that itinerary."#"c"
"f1bfbed3"#"hard"#"inferences"#"Marta Coll and colleagues’ 2010 Mediterranean Sea biodiversity census reported approximately 17,000 species, nearly double the number reported in Carlo Bianchi and Carla Morri’s 2000 census—a difference only partly attributable to the description of new invertebrate species in the interim. Another factor is that the morphological variability of microorganisms is poorly understood compared to that of vertebrates, invertebrates, plants, and algae, creating uncertainty about how to evaluate microorganisms as species. Researchers’ decisions on such matters therefore can be highly consequential. Indeed, the two censuses reported similar counts of vertebrate, plant, and algal species, suggesting that ______ Which choice most logically completes the text?"#"A. Coll and colleagues reported a much higher number of species than Bianchi and Morri did largely due to the inclusion of invertebrate species that had not been described at the time of Bianchi and Morri’s census."#"B. Some differences observed in microorganisms may have been treated as variations within species by Bianchi and Morri but treated as indicative of distinct species by Coll and colleagues."#"C. Bianchi and Morri may have been less sensitive to the degree of morphological variation displayed within a typical species of microorganism than Coll and colleagues were."#"D. The absence of clarity regarding how to differentiate among species of microorganisms may have resulted in Coll and colleagues underestimating the number of microorganism species."#"b"
"a15b3219"#"hard"#"command of evidence"#"Municipalities’ Responses to Inquir about Potential Incentives for Firm 1,300 Number of municipalities 1,200 1,100 1,000 900 800 700 600 500 400 300 200 100 0 announcement before election announcement after election no response In the United States, firms often seek incentives from municipal governments to expand to those municipalities. A team of political scientists hypothesized that municipalities are much more likely to respond to firms and offer incentives if expansions can be announced in time to benefit local elected officials than if they can’t. The team contacted officials in thousands of municipalities, inquiring about incentives for a firm looking to expand and indicating that the firm would announce its expansion on a date either just before or just after the next election. Which choice best describes data from the graph that weaken the team’s hypothesis?"#"A. A large majority of the municipalities that received an inquiry mentioning plans for an announcement before the next election didn’t respond to the inquiry."#"B. The proportion of municipalities that responded to the inquiry or offered incentives didn’t substantially differ across the announcement timing conditions."#"C. Only around half the municipalities that responded to inquiries mentioning plans for an announcement before the next election offered incentives."#"D. Of the municipalities that received an inquiry mentioning plans for an announcement date after the next election, more than 1,200 didn’t respond and only around 100 offered incentives."#"b"
"e35d481c"#"hard"#"words in context"#"Some economic historians ______ that late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century households in the United States experienced an economy of scale when it came to food purchases—they assumed that large households spent less on food per person than did small households. Economist Trevon Logan showed, however, that a close look at the available data disproves this supposition. Which choice completes the text with the most logical and precise word or phrase?"#"A. surmised"#"B. contrived"#"C. questioned"#"D. regretted"#"a"
"ca50de52"#"hard"#"text structure and purpose"#"“How lifelike are they?” Many computer animators prioritize this question as they strive to create ever more realistic environments and lighting. Generally, while characters in computer-animated films appear highly exaggerated, environments and lighting are carefully engineered to mimic reality. But some animators, such as Pixar’s Sanjay Patel, are focused on a different question. Rather than asking first whether the environments and lighting they’re creating are convincingly lifelike, Patel and others are asking whether these elements reflect their films’ unique stories. Which choice best describes the function of the underlined question in the text as a whole?"#"A. It reflects a primary goal that many computer animators have for certain components of the animations they produce."#"B. It represents a concern of computer animators who are more interested in creating unique backgrounds and lighting effects than realistic ones."#"C. It conveys the uncertainty among many computer animators about how to create realistic animations using current technology."#"D. It illustrates a reaction that audiences typically have to the appearance of characters created by computer animators."#"a"
"97e5bf55"#"hard"#"cross-text connections"#"Text 1: In 1916, H. Dugdale Sykes disputed claims that The Two Noble Kinsmen was coauthored by William Shakespeare and John Fletcher. Sykes felt Fletcher’s contributions to the play were obvious—Fletcher had a distinct style in his other plays, so much so that lines with that style were considered sufficient evidence of Fletcher’s authorship. But for the lines not deemed to be by Fletcher, Sykes felt that their depiction of women indicated that their author was not Shakespeare but Philip Massinger. Text 2: Scholars have accepted The Two Noble Kinsmen as coauthored by Shakespeare since the 1970s: it appears in all major one-volume editions of Shakespeare’s complete works. Though scholars disagree about who wrote what exactly, it is generally held that on the basis of style, Shakespeare wrote all of the first act and most of the last, while John Fletcher authored most of the three middle acts. Based on the texts, both Sykes in Text 1 and the scholars in Text 2 would most likely agree with which statement?"#"A. John Fletcher’s writing has a unique, readily identifiable style."#"B. The women characters in John Fletcher’s plays are similar to the women characters in Philip Massinger’s plays."#"C. The Two Noble Kinsmen belongs in one-volume compilations of Shakespeare’s complete plays."#"D. Philip Massinger’s style in the first and last acts of The Two Noble Kinsmen is an homage to Shakespeare’s style."#"a"
"39ccb463"#"hard"#"rhetorical synthesis"#"While researching a topic, a student has taken the following notes: The Atlantic Monthly magazine was first published in 1857. The magazine focused on politics, art, and literature. In 2019, historian Cathryn Halverson published the book Faraway Women and the “Atlantic Monthly.” Its subject is female authors whose autobiographies appeared in the magazine in the early 1900s. One of the authors discussed is Juanita Harrison. The student wants to introduce Cathryn Halverson’s book to an audience already familiar with the Atlantic Monthly. Which choice most effectively uses relevant information from the notes to accomplish this goal?"#"A. Cathryn Halverson’s Faraway Women and the “Atlantic Monthly” discusses female authors whose autobiographies appeared in the magazine in the early 1900s."#"B. A magazine called the Atlantic Monthly, referred to in Cathryn Halverson’s book title, was first published in 1857."#"C. Faraway Women and the “Atlantic Monthly” features contributors to the Atlantic Monthly, first published in 1857 as a magazine focusing on politics, art, and literature."#"D. An author discussed by Cathryn Halverson is Juanita Harrison, whose autobiography appeared in the Atlantic Monthly in the early 1900s."#"a"
"4d2736f0"#"hard"#"transitions"#"In her poetry collection Thomas and Beulah, Rita Dove interweaves the titular characters’ personal stories with broader historical narratives. She places Thomas’s journey from the American South to the Midwest in the early 1900s within the larger context of the Great Migration. ______ Dove sets events from Beulah’s personal life against the backdrop of the US Civil Rights Movement. Which choice completes the text with the most logical transition?"#"A. Specifically,"#"B. Thus,"#"C. Regardless,"#"D. Similarly,"#"d"
"960dec02"#"hard"#"boundaries"#"A recent study tracked the number of bee species present in twenty-seven New York apple orchards over a ten-year period. ______ found that when wild growth near an orchard was cleared, the number of different bee species visiting the orchard decreased. Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?"#"A. Entomologist Heather Grab:"#"B. Entomologist, Heather Grab,"#"C. Entomologist Heather Grab"#"D. Entomologist Heather Grab,"#"c"
"37e5c794"#"hard"#"form, structure, and sense"#"Despite being cheap, versatile, and easy to produce, ______ they are made from nonrenewable petroleum, and most do not biodegrade in landfills. Which choice completes the text so that it conforms to the conventions of Standard English?"#"A. there are two problems associated with commercial plastics:"#"B. two problems are associated with commercial plastics:"#"C. commercial plastics’ two associated problems are that"#"D. commercial plastics have two associated problems:"#"d"
